[Bugfix] Fix IPv6 literal parsing from connection string (#2673) (#2674)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.SqlClient/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fix data source regex to support IPv6 literal addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix data source regex to support IPv6 literal addresses.
```

> * Fix data source regex to support IPv6 literal addresses.
>   ([#2674](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2674))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix issue where IPv6 addresses were improperly parsed from the the
  connection's `DataSource` when used to populate the `server.address`
  attribute.
  ([#2674](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/2674))
```
